
/////////////////////////
AnimalIcon

assets/images/abeja.png
assets/images/alimentos-para-mascotas.png
assets/images/arana.png
assets/images/aseo.png
assets/images/caja-del-gato.png
assets/images/cama-para-mascotas.png
assets/images/canario.png
assets/images/cerdo.png
assets/images/collar-de-perro.png
assets/images/comida-de-gato.png
assets/images/conejo.png
assets/images/entrenador.png
assets/images/feliz.png
assets/images/gallina.png
assets/images/gato.png
assets/images/gato-negro.png
assets/images/hamster.png
assets/images/huella.png
assets/images/hueso.png
assets/images/jaula-para-mascotas.png
assets/images/jeringuilla.png
assets/images/juguetes.png
assets/images/leon.png
assets/images/panda.png
assets/images/pato.png
assets/images/pato (1).png
assets/images/pelo-corto-exotico.png
assets/images/perro.png
assets/images/perro (1).png
assets/images/perro (2).png
assets/images/perro (3).png
assets/images/pez-payaso.png
assets/images/pinguino.png
assets/images/plato-de-perro.png
assets/images/ropa.png
assets/images/seguro-de-mascota.png
assets/images/tortuga.png
assets/images/vaca.png
assets/images/veterinario.png
assets/images/veterinario (1).png


////////////////////////////
BabyIcon

assets/images/abuelo.png
assets/images/anciana.png
assets/images/bebe.png
assets/images/bebe (1).png
assets/images/biberon.png
assets/images/bloques.png
assets/images/carretilla.png
assets/images/chupete.png
assets/images/comida-para-bebe.png
assets/images/crema-facial.png
assets/images/cuento.png
assets/images/cuna.png
assets/images/formula.png
assets/images/juguetes.png
assets/images/mama.png
assets/images/muneca.png
assets/images/panal.png
assets/images/papa.png
assets/images/silla-de-bebe.png
assets/images/talco-para-bebes.png
assets/images/termometro.png
assets/images/toallita-mojada.png



///////////////////////////
BusinessIcon


assets/images/alquilar.png
assets/images/altoparlante.png
assets/images/base-de-datos-en-la-nube.png
assets/images/big-data.png
assets/images/clave.png
assets/images/clip-de-papel.png
assets/images/dinero.png
assets/images/diseno-grafico.png
assets/images/edificio.png
assets/images/edificio-de-oficinas.png
assets/images/graduado.png
assets/images/grafico.png
assets/images/grafico (1).png
assets/images/libro.png
assets/images/libro-abierto.png
assets/images/maletin.png
assets/images/ordenador.png
assets/images/permiso.png
assets/images/pizarra.png
assets/images/pizarra-blanca.png
assets/images/servicios-de-consultoria.png
assets/images/servicios-de-consultoria (1).png
assets/images/servicios-de-consultoria (2).png
assets/images/silla-giratoria.png
assets/images/suministro.png
assets/images/viajar.png
assets/images/visa.png






/////////////////////////////
CarIcon

assets/images/car.png

/////////////////////////////
EntertainmentIcon

assets/images/autobus.png
assets/images/bailando.png
assets/images/bicicleta-de-montana.png
assets/images/bolsa-de-la-compra.png
assets/images/botiquin-medico.png
assets/images/cama-de-hotel.png
assets/images/camara-reflex-digital.png
assets/images/camping.png
assets/images/cinco-de-mayo.png
assets/images/cocina.png
assets/images/cuchillo.png
assets/images/de-viaje.png
assets/images/embarque.png
assets/images/entertainment.png
assets/images/entradas-de-cine.png
assets/images/hotel.png
assets/images/mansion.png
assets/images/mapa.png
assets/images/montana-rusa.png
assets/images/parque-de-atracciones.png
assets/images/proteccion.png
assets/images/restaurante.png
assets/images/seguridad-informatica.png
assets/images/tarjeta-de-embarque.png
assets/images/tejido-de-punto.png
assets/images/tenedor.png
assets/images/tren.png
assets/images/tren-electrico.png
assets/images/tubo-respirador.png
assets/images/vacaciones.png






//////////////////////////
FamilyIcon

assets/images/abuela.png
assets/images/abuelo.png
assets/images/bebe.png
assets/images/bebe (1).png
assets/images/cara-feliz.png
assets/images/chico.png
assets/images/chico (1).png
assets/images/chico (2).png
assets/images/familia.png
assets/images/familia (1).png
assets/images/familia (2).png
assets/images/gatear.png
assets/images/hembra.png
assets/images/hermana.png
assets/images/hermanos.png
assets/images/hijo.png
assets/images/hombre.png
assets/images/love-and-romance.png
assets/images/madre.png
assets/images/madre (1).png
assets/images/media-hermana.png
assets/images/medio-hermano.png
assets/images/nino (1).png
assets/images/padre.png
assets/images/papa.png
assets/images/recreo.png
assets/images/suegra.png
assets/images/tia.png
assets/images/tio.png




/////////////////////
FinanceIcon

assets/images/01.png
assets/images/ahorro.png
assets/images/ahorro d.png
assets/images/ahorro-de-dinero.png
assets/images/aplicacion-wallet-pass (1).png
assets/images/aplicacion-wallet-pass (2).png
assets/images/aplicacion-wallet-pass (3).png
assets/images/aplicacion-wallet-pass (4).png
assets/images/bancario.png
assets/images/banco.png
assets/images/banco (2).png
assets/images/banco (3).png
assets/images/barra-grafica.png
assets/images/billetera.png
assets/images/billetera (1).png
assets/images/billetera 454.png
assets/images/bolsa-de-dinero (1).png
assets/images/bolsa-de-dinero (3).png
assets/images/bote-de-dinero.png
assets/images/calculadora.png
assets/images/calcular.png
assets/images/dinero.png
assets/images/dinero (2).png
assets/images/dinero (5).png
assets/images/dinero (6).png
assets/images/dinero (7).png
assets/images/dinero (8).png
assets/images/dinero (9).png
assets/images/dinero (11).png
assets/images/dinero (12).png
assets/images/dolar (1).png
assets/images/dolar (3).png
assets/images/dolar (5).png
assets/images/dolar (6).png
assets/images/estadistica (1).png
assets/images/estadistica (3).png
assets/images/estadistica (4).png
assets/images/estadistica (5).png
assets/images/euro.png
assets/images/euro (1).png
assets/images/euro (2).png
assets/images/lista.png
assets/images/lista-de-verificacion.png
assets/images/lista-de-verificacion (2).png
assets/images/matematicas.png
assets/images/moneda (1).png
assets/images/MONEY FLUJO.png
assets/images/money-management.png
assets/images/money-management (4).png
assets/images/pagar.png
assets/images/prestamo.png
assets/images/salario.png
assets/images/tarje.png
assets/images/tarjeta.png
assets/images/tarjeta (1).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (1).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (2).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (3).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (4).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (5).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (6).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (7).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (8).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (9).png
assets/images/tarjeta de credito (10).png
assets/images/tarjeta dk.png
assets/images/visa.png
assets/images/visa (1).png
assets/images/visa (2).png
assets/images/yuan.png
assets/images/yuan (1).png
assets/images/yuan (2).png
assets/images/Z.png



////////////////////////////////
FoodAndDrinksIcon


agua.png
arroz.png
barbacoa.png
camarera.png
camaron.png
cerveza.png
cocina.png
coctel.png
coctel (1).png
copas-de-vino.png
cuchara-y-tenedor.png
cuchillo.png
ensalada-de-frutas.png
galleta.png
hamburguesa.png
helado.png
huevos.png
leche.png
magdalena.png
malteada.png
manzana.png
olla.png
pancho.png
pez-muerto.png
pierna-de-pollo.png
pizza.png
pollo.png
queso.png
taco.png
taza-de-cafe.png
te-verde.png
un-pan.png
zanahoria.png



////////////////////////
GymIcon


assets/images/aerobic.png
assets/images/aerobicos.png
assets/images/aptitud-fisica.png
assets/images/artes-marciales.png
assets/images/deporte.png
assets/images/dieta.png
assets/images/ejercicio.png
assets/images/entrenador-personal.png
assets/images/entrenador-personal (1).png
assets/images/fresa.png
assets/images/gimnasio.png
assets/images/kickboxing.png
assets/images/levantador-de-pesas.png
assets/images/levantamiento-de-pesas.png
assets/images/levantamiento-de-pesas (1).png
assets/images/medicamento.png
assets/images/mujer.png
assets/images/nadador.png
assets/images/natacion.png
assets/images/proteina.png
assets/images/proteina-en-polvo.png
assets/images/ropa-de-deporte.png
assets/images/ropa-de-mujer.png
assets/images/sauna.png
assets/images/tarjeta-de-membresia.png
assets/images/zapatillas.png
assets/images/zumba.png




/////////////////////////////
HealthCareIcon

assets/images/avatar.png
assets/images/cama.png
assets/images/cepillo-de-dientes.png
assets/images/cerebro.png
assets/images/dentista.png
assets/images/diente.png
assets/images/doctor.png
assets/images/estetoscopio.png
assets/images/frasco.png
assets/images/frasco-de-pastillas.png
assets/images/gafas-de-sol.png
assets/images/hospital.png
assets/images/jeringa.png
assets/images/masaje.png
assets/images/medicamento.png
assets/images/medicamento (1).png
assets/images/meditacion.png
assets/images/microscopio.png
assets/images/muestra.png
assets/images/ojo.png
assets/images/pastillas.png
assets/images/rayos-x.png
assets/images/silla-de-ruedas.png
assets/images/social.png
assets/images/sonrisa.png
assets/images/soportes.png
assets/images/soportes (1).png
assets/images/tirantes.png






////////////////////////////////
HomeIcon



assets/images/alicate.png
assets/images/banos.png
assets/images/bebe.png
assets/images/brocha.png
assets/images/cable-de-energia.png
assets/images/cajon.png
assets/images/cama.png
assets/images/cigarrillo.png
assets/images/cinta-metrica.png
assets/images/contenedor-de-basura.png
assets/images/cubo-de-pintura.png
assets/images/ducha.png
assets/images/gancho-de-ropa.png
assets/images/garaje.png
assets/images/grifo.png
assets/images/herramientas-para-reparar.png
assets/images/herramientas-y-utensilios.png
assets/images/home.png
assets/images/home2.png
assets/images/horno.png
assets/images/inodoro.png
assets/images/maletin.png
assets/images/mesa-circular.png
assets/images/mezclador.png
assets/images/microonda.png
assets/images/modista.png
assets/images/nevera.png
assets/images/pala.png
assets/images/paraguas.png
assets/images/paraguas (1).png
assets/images/perforar.png
assets/images/planchado.png
assets/images/radio.png
assets/images/rodillos-de-pintura.png
assets/images/sierra-electrica.png
assets/images/sillon.png
assets/images/sube-las-escaleras.png
assets/images/telefono-fijo.png
assets/images/televisor.png
assets/images/televisor (1).png
assets/images/tijeras.png
assets/images/tina-de-bano.png
assets/images/ventilador.png






//////////////////////////////////
ITComputerIcons


assets/images/auriculares.png
assets/images/auriculares-con-microfono.png
assets/images/caja-de-cd.png
assets/images/chat.png
assets/images/desarrollo-de-software.png
assets/images/disco-duro.png
assets/images/disco-duro (1).png
assets/images/discos-compactos.png
assets/images/forma-de-microfono-negrom.png
assets/images/impresion.png
assets/images/impresora.png
assets/images/lan.png
assets/images/memoria-ram.png
assets/images/modem.png
assets/images/modem (1).png
assets/images/ordenador.png
assets/images/ordenador-portatil.png
assets/images/pantalla-de-portatil.png
assets/images/qr-scan.png
assets/images/raton.png
assets/images/simbolo-de-windows.png
assets/images/tableta.png
assets/images/tarjeta-de-video.png
assets/images/tarjeta-principal.png
assets/images/teclado.png
assets/images/teclado-y-raton.png









/////////////////////////////////
MakupIcon


assets/images/arte-de-unas.png
assets/images/belleza.png
assets/images/broche-del-pelo.png
assets/images/cepillo-para-tinte-de-cabello.png
assets/images/cortar-con-tijeras.png
assets/images/corte-de-pelo.png
assets/images/corte-de-pelo (1).png
assets/images/depilacion.png
assets/images/esmalte-de-unas.png
assets/images/herramienta-de-corte-de-pelo.png
assets/images/locion.png
assets/images/manicura.png
assets/images/maquillaje.png
assets/images/maquillaje (1).png
assets/images/masaje.png
assets/images/mascara-de-cabello.png
assets/images/mascara-facial.png
assets/images/mujer.png
assets/images/pedicura.png
assets/images/pedicure.png
assets/images/peinado.png
assets/images/peinado (1).png
assets/images/perforacion.png
assets/images/perforacion (1).png
assets/images/proteccion-de-la-piel.png
assets/images/relajarse.png
assets/images/tratamiento-capilar.png





//////////////////////////////////
RestaurantIcon
assets/images/restaurant.png

//////////////////////////////
RopaClothingIcon

assets/images/abrigo.png
assets/images/abrigo-acolchado.png
assets/images/bikini.png
assets/images/blusa.png
assets/images/bragas.png
assets/images/bufanda.png
assets/images/bufanda (1).png
assets/images/calzoncillos.png
assets/images/camisa.png
assets/images/camisa (1).png
assets/images/camisa (2).png
assets/images/camisa (3).png
assets/images/camisa-hawaiana.png
assets/images/camisa-polo.png
assets/images/camiseta.png
assets/images/camiseta (1).png
assets/images/camiseta (2).png
assets/images/camiseta (3).png
assets/images/cinturon.png
assets/images/cinturon (1).png
assets/images/cinturon (2).png
assets/images/corto.png
assets/images/deporte.png
assets/images/falda.png
assets/images/falda (1).png
assets/images/gafas-de-sol.png
assets/images/gafas-de-sol (1).png
assets/images/gafas-de-sol (2).png
assets/images/gorra.png
assets/images/gorra (1).png
assets/images/gorra-de-beisbol.png
assets/images/mascara-para-los-ojos.png
assets/images/pantalon.png
assets/images/pantalones.png
assets/images/pantalones (1).png
assets/images/pantalones (2).png
assets/images/pantalones (3).png
assets/images/pijama.png
assets/images/ropa.png
assets/images/ropa-deportiva.png
assets/images/ropa-interior.png
assets/images/sombrero-de-vaquero.png
assets/images/sosten.png
assets/images/tacones-altos.png
assets/images/top-corto.png
assets/images/traje.png
assets/images/traje (1).png
assets/images/traje (2).png
assets/images/traje-de-bano.png
assets/images/traje-de-boda.png
assets/images/trajes-de-bano.png
assets/images/vestido.png
assets/images/vestir.png
assets/images/zapato.png
assets/images/zapatos.png
assets/images/zapatos (1).png
assets/images/zapatos (2).png
assets/images/zapatos (3).png








///////////////////////////////////
ServicesIcon

assets/images/ahorrar-agua.png
assets/images/antena-parabolica.png
assets/images/bombilla (1).png
assets/images/camion-de-la-basura.png
assets/images/compartimiento.png
assets/images/gas-natural.png
assets/images/glp.png
assets/images/gota-de-agua.png
assets/images/grifo-de-agua.png
assets/images/impuestos.png
assets/images/impuestos (1).png
assets/images/internet.png
assets/images/iphone.png
assets/images/papelera-de-reciclaje.png
assets/images/relampago.png
assets/images/router-inalambrico.png
assets/images/services.png
assets/images/telefono-fijo.png
assets/images/telefono-inteligente.png
assets/images/televisor.png
assets/images/valvula.png
assets/images/viendo-la-television.png
assets/images/wifi.png



/////////////////////////////
ShoppingIcon

assets/images/bar.png
assets/images/cafe.png
assets/images/cafeteria.png
assets/images/camarero.png
assets/images/carne.png
assets/images/carniceria.png
assets/images/carrito-de-compras.png
assets/images/carrito-de-supermercado.png
assets/images/carro (1).png
assets/images/cesta-de-la-compra.png
assets/images/cocina.png
assets/images/cocteles.png
assets/images/comida.png
assets/images/comida-a-domicilio.png
assets/images/cuerno.png
assets/images/dulces.png
assets/images/fruta.png
assets/images/hamburguesa.png
assets/images/hamburguesa-con-queso.png
assets/images/no-comida-rapida.png
assets/images/pan-de-molde.png
assets/images/pan-de-molde (1).png
assets/images/pastel.png
assets/images/pez.png
assets/images/postre.png
assets/images/productos-lacteos.png
assets/images/pub.png
assets/images/supermercado.png
assets/images/supermercado (1).png
assets/images/supermercados.png
assets/images/tienda-de-comestibles.png
assets/images/tienda-de-comestibles (1).png
assets/images/verduras.png
assets/images/verduras (1).png






//////////////////////////
SportsIcon

assets/images/beisbol.png
assets/images/bicicleta.png
assets/images/campo-de-golf.png
assets/images/cesta.png
assets/images/ciclismo.png
assets/images/corriendo.png
assets/images/formula.png
assets/images/guante-de-boxeo.png
assets/images/hockey-sobre-hielo.png
assets/images/jugador-de-cricket.png
assets/images/nadador.png
assets/images/natacion.png
assets/images/pelota-de-baloncesto.png
assets/images/rugby.png
assets/images/sayo.png
assets/images/skate.png
assets/images/snowboard.png
assets/images/tenis.png
assets/images/tenis-de-mesa.png
assets/images/voleibol.png




//////////////////////////////////
StatisticsIcon

assets/images/analitica.png
assets/images/analitica (1).png
assets/images/analitica (2).png
assets/images/diagrama.png
assets/images/diseno-grafico.png
assets/images/disminucion.png
assets/images/el-diseno-del-arte.png
assets/images/estadisticas.png
assets/images/grafico.png
assets/images/grafico (1).png
assets/images/grafico-de-barras.png
assets/images/grafico-de-barras (1).png
assets/images/grafico-de-barras (2).png
assets/images/infografia.png
assets/images/investigacion.png
assets/images/investigacion (1).png
assets/images/presentacion.png
assets/images/reporte-de-negocios.png
assets/images/riesgo.png
assets/images/tabla-de-onda.png
assets/images/tendencia.png





///////////////////////////////////
StudiesEducationIcon


assets/images/alojamiento.png
assets/images/aprender-en-linea.png
assets/images/autobus-escolar.png
assets/images/boligrafo.png
assets/images/calculadora.png
assets/images/certificado.png
assets/images/colegio.png
assets/images/costo-de-educacion.png
assets/images/fotocopia.png
assets/images/fotocopiadora.png
assets/images/gobernante.png
assets/images/lapiz.png
assets/images/libro.png
assets/images/libro (1).png
assets/images/libro-abierto.png
assets/images/matricula.png
assets/images/ordenador-portatil.png
assets/images/paleta-de-pintura.png
assets/images/plano.png
assets/images/profesor.png
assets/images/profesor (1).png
assets/images/tableta.png
assets/images/universidad.png



////////////////////////////////
SubscriptionIcon


assets/images/app.png
assets/images/banda-sonora.png
assets/images/calendario.png
assets/images/computacion-en-la-nube.png
assets/images/consola-de-juego.png
assets/images/distintivo.png
assets/images/escucha.png
assets/images/favoritos.png
assets/images/libro-digital.png
assets/images/mujer.png
assets/images/nota-musical.png
assets/images/palanca-de-mando.png
assets/images/periodico.png
assets/images/reproductor-de-video.png
assets/images/revista.png
assets/images/software.png
assets/images/suscripcion.png







/////////////////////////////
TransportIcon


assets/images/autobus.png
assets/images/autobus (1).png
assets/images/autobus-escolar (1).png
assets/images/avion.png
assets/images/avion (1).png
assets/images/avion (2).png
assets/images/barco (1).png
assets/images/barco (4).png
assets/images/bicicleta.png
assets/images/bicicleta (1).png
assets/images/bomba de gas 5.png
assets/images/bomba de gas 47.png
assets/images/bomba-de-gas (1).png
assets/images/camion (1).png
assets/images/camion (2).png
assets/images/camion-grua.png
assets/images/carro (2).png
assets/images/carro (4).png
assets/images/carro (5).png
assets/images/carro (7).png
assets/images/carro (10).png
assets/images/carro (12).png
assets/images/carro (13).png
assets/images/carro electrico 2.png
assets/images/carro 55.png
assets/images/casco-de-carreras.png
assets/images/embarcacion.png
assets/images/entrenar.png
assets/images/gasolina.png
assets/images/helicoptero.png
assets/images/lavado-de-autos (1).png
assets/images/mantenimiento (1).png
assets/images/mensajero (2).png
assets/images/moto.png
assets/images/moto (1).png
assets/images/motocicleta.png
assets/images/motocicleta (1).png
assets/images/neumatico.png
assets/images/parking.png
assets/images/peaje.png
assets/images/peaje (2).png
assets/images/scooter-electrico.png
assets/images/semi.png
assets/images/taxi (1).png
assets/images/taxi (2).png
assets/images/taxi (3).png
assets/images/tractores.png
assets/images/transporte-publico.png
assets/images/transporte-publico (1).png
assets/images/uber.png
assets/images/uber (1).png
assets/images/uber (2).png
assets/images/volante.png





////////////////////////////
UsersIcon

assets/images/administrador.png
assets/images/administrador (1).png
assets/images/africano.png
assets/images/avatar.png
assets/images/avatar (1).png
assets/images/avatar (2).png
assets/images/chico.png
assets/images/enfermero.png
assets/images/farmaceutico.png
assets/images/hombre (1).png
assets/images/hombre (2).png
assets/images/hombre (3).png
assets/images/hombre (4).png
assets/images/mujer.png
assets/images/mujer (1).png
assets/images/mujer (2).png
assets/images/mujer (3).png
assets/images/mujer (4).png
assets/images/mujer (5).png
assets/images/mujer (6).png
assets/images/mujer GFF.png
assets/images/mujer-de-negocios.png
assets/images/nina.png
assets/images/nino.png
assets/images/personal.png
assets/images/usuario.png
assets/images/usuario (1).png
assets/images/usuario (2).png



///////////////////////////////////
VacationIcon


assets/images/autobus.png
assets/images/bailando.png
assets/images/bailando (1).png
assets/images/bicicleta-de-montana.png
assets/images/bolsa-de-la-compra.png
assets/images/botiquin-medico.png
assets/images/cama-de-hotel.png
assets/images/camara-reflex-digital.png
assets/images/camping.png
assets/images/cinco-de-mayo.png
assets/images/cocina.png
assets/images/cuchillo.png
assets/images/de-viaje.png
assets/images/embarque.png
assets/images/entradas-de-cine.png
assets/images/hotel.png
assets/images/mansion.png
assets/images/mapa.png
assets/images/montana-rusa.png
assets/images/parque-de-atracciones.png
assets/images/proteccion.png
assets/images/restaurante.png
assets/images/seguridad-informatica.png
assets/images/tarjeta-de-embarque.png
assets/images/tejido-de-punto.png
assets/images/tenedor.png
assets/images/tren.png
assets/images/tren-electrico.png
assets/images/tubo-respirador.png
assets/images/vacaciones.png
